Mono publisher and consumer removal (#112)
kibertoad/message-queue-toolkit: UPGRADING.md

# Upgrading Guide

We have introduced the following breaking changes on version `12.0.0`, please follow the steps below to update your code
from the previous version to the new one.

## Breaking Changes

### Description of Breaking Change

> Multiple consumers and publishers can accomplish the same tasks as single ones, but they add layer of complexity by 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multi consumers and publishers can accomplish the same tasks as mono ones, but they add extra layer of complexity by 
```

Author: Fixed, thanks 🥇

requiring features to be implemented in both.

> As a result, we have decided to remove the single ones to enhance maintainability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, we have decided to remove the mono ones to enhance maintainability.
```

Author: Fixed! thanks 💯

### Migration Steps
#### Multi consumers and publishers
If you are using the multi consumer or consumer, you will only need to rename the class you are extending, and it should 
work as before.
- `AbstractSqsMultiConsumer` -> `AbstractSqsConsumer`
- `AbstractSqsMultiPublisher` -> `AbstractSqsPublisher`

#### Mono consumers and publishers

> If you are using the mono consumer or publisher, they no longer exists, so you will need to transform your code to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the mono consumer or publisher, they no longer exist, so you will need to adjust your code to use
```

Author: Fixed, thanks Igor 🙇
